Header
City Gym
Static header bar with links - Home, Classes, Shop, Contact
Image of gym, clean, fill to edge,
About, bold and dynamic
City Gym is your local gym, here to help you get fit and stay healthy. Recently refurbished, we offer state of the art machinery including....
We also offer 12 single occupancy changing rooms with showers and personal lockers for safety and peace of mind.
We opened the gym in 2012, and while then it was just an open space dedicated to group classes, it's now become much more. With 50sqft of the front of the building dedicated to machines and weights, a new extension at the rear of the building offers space for group classes, held by our owners Charlotte and Duncan. 

Instructors, same text
2 instructors, side by side, dynamic boxes.
Hi, my name is Charlotte and I'm one of the owners at City Gym. I teach Kickboxing and yoga, and have qualifications in mindfulness, martial arts and food science. I'm so excited to help you get to where you want to be. 

Hello! I'm Duncan, the other owner of City Gym. I teach Intervals and Weights, I've been a professional weightlifter for 12 years before starting the gym here and I've completed qualifications in mixed martial arts and food science. I'm keen to meet you and get you on the road to success! 

Footer 
Social links, email. Contact goes to contact page


Classes
Header
Classes
We offer a range of classes, and we're hoping to add more as our client base expands! 

Kickboxing
Monday -Friday
7.30am-8.30am
9am-10am
A class focusing on technique and strength, exploring the ways self defence can keep you fit. Opportunities to gain belts and take part in tournaments. Suitable for children aged 13+ and for all adults, regardless of fitness level. Taught by Charlotte. 

Yoga
Monday-Friday
11am-12pm
12.30pm-1.30pm
A class focusing on focus, balance and mindfulness, and exploring how keeping check with our mental health can positively impact our physical wellbeing. Suitable for all ages. Taught by Charlotte. 

High Impact Interval Training
Monday-Friday
2.30pm-3.30pm
4pm-5pm
A class for those with a serious thirst for Impact! A steady mix of cardio and Weights, a good state of mind is necessary for these classes. Recommended for adults aged 18-60 with a moderate level of fitness. Taught by Duncan. 

Weights & Strength
6pm-7pm
7.30pm-8.30pm
A class for beginners focusing on losing mass to gain muscle, and keep muscle Where you need it to be! Suitable for adults aged 18+. Taught by Duncan. 

Book Now button links to Contact Form on Contact Page, opens in new tab 

Footer

Shop
Memberships
List of available Memberships
Day - £5
Maybe you just fancy a taster day, or want to introduce a friend to a class you've been attending. This pass gives you 1 days access to the gym and up to 2 classes. No locker access provided with Day Passes.
Week ‐  £20
Perfect for those who attend a few classes per month, or are getting started at the gym. This pass gives you unlimited access to the gym and 2 classes a day, with locker access provided. 
Month ‐  £60
If you find yourself attending multiple classes a month, this is the pass for you. This pass gives you access to the gym for 1 month, and 2 classes a day, with locker access provided. Diet Plan included.
Year - £550
If you find yourself thinking 'I want the freedom to attend as many classes as possible', this is the membership for you. Unlimited access to the gym, unlimited classes, personal trainer lessons, diet plans and a private locker, this pass also gives you free access to the selected swimming pools in the city, plus free Tshirt, Hoodie and Water Bottle. 

Merchandise 
Tshirts
City Gym cotton wicking t-shirt, available in S,M,L,XL
Hoodie
City Gym cotton hoodie, available in S,M,L,XL
Water Bottle
Branded 1l bottle 

Footer 

Contact
Opening Hours
Outside of classes, we are open 6am-10pm Monday-Saturday, 10am-6pm Sunday for personal trainer sessions and general access.
Where we are
Find us on City Road, Cardiff
Map
Directions by car, public transport.
Contact Us
Name
Email
Phone
Classes Interested In
Query box 
Submit form 

Footer
